hi everybody this is keri gans again
from newbie phenomenon soon to be called
newbie rewards check your email were
going into pre-launch so hopefully
you've got an email and you'll stop by
and register for pre-notification so you
can be one of the few to get one of our
hundred free memberships what I'd like
to talk about today something I just
found it which I can't that tends to
happen each and every day if you've been
paying attention to either Twitter right
or WordPress Unleashed online.com / blog
oh those are my two major blogs if
you've been listening at all you know
that each day I had something new and
different I just found I patio and this
is really cool stuff what it allows you
to do basically is use your cell phone
or your regular office phone whatever
phone you want to use you call into an
888 number 1 866 number whatever it
happens to be using your PIN you go
ahead and you record your comment now
you can use this to add interest to your
blog you can use this to add interest to
a website you can do a consultation you
can do an interview all kinds of stuff
once you've done it all you need to do
then is go over to I patio and there's a
little embed code you take that and you
put that into your blog or you put that
into your website or whatever and it has
an automatic a player and whoever it is
can listen to what you know what you've
come into to on your cell phone now it's
also nice and I'm on I patio right now I
will block out all this stuff for but
I'm in I patio right now and you can see
here I did my first vlog on just
recently it this is the third of
September at 1713 there's only a minute
28 seconds long so everybody can hear
this so it goes out to the community
that eventually will be you know part of
I patio but what's real fun is I am now
once again i'm logged in you become a
member it's free absolutely free and
then you can go and do a whole bunch of
other stuff with it perché going to your
profile and what it allows you to set up
automatic links to the various social
networks so you can go into the social
media
and you can actually set up automatic
links to facebook which I did to Twitter
blogger posterous Windows Live States it
said I only did the first two it allows
you to put into WordPress but only if
you're using it where it's hosted by
wordpress so that's a little bit of a
bummer but again maybe they'll fix that
eventually hopefully they will because
you'll be grateful to posters directly
to your blog but it can go into Twitter
and it goes into Facebook most of the
two I use and there was a lot more you
can do with this okay a lot more you can
put your picture on it you can there's
all kinds of things you're going to have
kids subscribe to other people's flogs
they can subscribe to yours all kinds of
things that's about it it's really cool
and you know there's a sample right
above on the on the page you're looking
at so you can get an idea what it sounds
like to get over to them I patio in and
register I have a great day and we'll
see you at the next video don't forget
go to New be rewards com forward slash
free gift 1a it's right below me right
now and register for our early
notification for our launch will have
great stuff on it and there's a limited
number of free membership so grab one of
them have a great day we'll see you soon